This universe, the whole, is also the flexible. Everything is in flexible, everything is open, open
situation, open status, and all that is also in display of the true nature of the mind.
And in the small scale level, larger level, very larger level, everything is in conceivable states.
Mind, the nature of the mind, is in conceivable states.
Therefore, it is open and disciplined. Nature is also in an inconceivable state.
This is again in the Buddha's teaching, such as the Avatamsaka Sutras, and then of course also in
Vajrayana teachings.
And this is again, this is in the teaching said, this big Buddha, the whole universe is within the
enlightenment Buddha states, that is, whole universe.
This universe is not just one universe, the hundreds, thousands, or hundreds of thousands of the
universe is all in one state of enlightened states.
And each of these Buddha is known as the Buddha Verochanas. Buddha Verochanas, so everything is
within the middle of the Buddha Verochanas, within the state of the Verochanas, within that state
is each pole of the body of the Buddha Verochanas.
There is also hundreds and thousands of the pure numbers, one pole of the body of the Buddha Vero
chanas. There is hundreds and thousands of the pure numbers.
And there is oceans, also called the beautiful ocean waters. And each ocean water state, there is
also many beautiful islands, many beautiful things, hundreds and thousands.
This is not just this universe, this galaxy, if I say galaxy, there are hundreds and thousands of
galaxies, hundreds and thousands of galaxies, galaxies after galaxies, and pure land, all of that.
And our world is one fraction of that, according to this, one fraction of this, our universe.
And according to the teachings here, this is so enormous, inconceivable status, and this Buddha V
erochanas is in the posture of the, as the economic models, economic models.
Economic model, within the economic model, there is inconceivable oceans, the center of the
beautiful oceans, oceans.
And this ocean has, within the ocean, there is so many flowers, and so many petals, again, so many
universes, all the universal worlds.
And so, now, in the right middle of the, again, there are so many lotus, and so many flowers, or
lotus, maybe I say stars, little lotus, and so many lotus, and so many universes, in the center of
their lotus, one lotus, lotus, as, of course, there are so many pistas, pistas.
Each pista contains also so many worlds, so many beings, so many worlds.
And our world is the center of the pistas. Center of the pista has 25, 25 volts, if I say, 25 volts
.
The center of the pulse is climbed up, so is, is stuck one up another, is, all the universe is
stuck, stuck, right? Stuck up.
So it has 25 universes, or volts, stuck up, up there.
That is just one pistol of the many pistas that has, so our, that has.
And then, that our universe, or this, our world is, comes to the universe that reach to the heart
level of the Buddha verityam.
And it is the 13th, in the teachings, 13th level of the universe, because there is 25 to go, all
the way up to here.
13th is, 13th is heart level, in the teachings. Because with the heart level, therefore, in
somebody, I mean, in the teachings said, because we have the verityam teachings.
And not every, every universe, world has verityam teachings. We have this world as verityam
teachings.
Verityam teachings are heart teachings of the Buddha, heart voice of the Buddha.
Buddha, in their senses, is in the heart level, and therefore, this world has universe.
This universe is also very emotional universe. Emotional is called, in a, in a teaching name, as
manjichen, in Tibet, manjichen.
That means, in unbreakable, land of unbreakable. Or maybe not, shouldn't say unbreakable.
Inseparable. Inseparable. Land of the world of inseparable. Inseparable.
What that means, in the teachings said, is in Tibet, manjichen, manjichen. What that means, means,
our, this, the beings of this world, is very difficult to detach it from the emotions.
To detach it from very gross emotions. Very strong. Very strong, and therefore, it's called manjic
hen, in separate, land of inseparable.
Or, in, in can't separate it. Can't separate it. Can't separate it emotionally, easily.
Easily is strong. But according to verityam teaching, having this emotion is very important.
That's why manjichen can be activated very easily, and very beneficial to get, to drop the
realization.
Of course, although it may be more disturbance, too, but it is a very beautiful candidate, or
weaker, weaker to bring the realization of the, of the, the realization.
So this is what he is, this is what he is, the great Master Shabbat Shalom.